MAS: Dont hardcode kids in the config file (#1112)
element-hq/ess-helm: newsfragments/1112.changed.md

Matrix Authentication Service: Remove hardcoded kids from the config file, and let MAS automatically derive them from their values.

> Matrix Authentication Service uses the kids to sign `id_tokens`. In Matrix specs, Clients are not supposed to verify the `id_token`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Matrix Authentication Service uses the `kid` to sign `id_tokens`. In the Matrix specification, clients are not supposed to verify the `id_token`.
```
